Guys,
he's legit.
It's amazing.
These longer body types have been so good.
Anderson Silva Bounce Jones.
Yeah.
A lot of these guys have,
you know,
you,
I wouldn't think that,
you know,
you'd think someone may be shorter stockier and getting the inside.
But did he seize up long?
Seems like a huge,
he's a beat Saturday night.
Yeah.
Sharapov say that five times fast.
Like I said,
came on to podcasts.
As soon as it came on,
I'm going six to one 45 two couldn't find a skinnier guy I thought.
And then I saw him fight and man,
he was just so impressive,
but fast and strong at one 45 and six two I guess voice was,
you know,
he wasn't real tall,
but he was like six one.
Right.
But he was one 75 mm.
And you know,
he was obviously fighting in the unlimited class and it was fighting guys like
Dan Severn at the time.
It was two 65 is thing.
But he's got muscle on him.
Like he's kind of jacked.
Like when you looked at it like a perfect frame,
he's all slides.
Awesome.
A little tiny Luke Rockhold and a lot of ways,
but with a way more dynamic game.
He could do everything.
That guy,
he was really interesting to watch this first time I ever saw him.
Fight Dot guy is fucking phenomenal.
He's so talented.
That was the first time I saw him fight live and it's a different thing when you
see someone live.
Like if you see someone in a video and you go,
wow,
that guy's good.
But then you see him live and you know your brain has like a little computer
where it's seen or you know you've got a database,
especially me,
I've seen so many fights,
have a database of how people move and then you see that I'm moving like,
Whoa,
what are we looking at here?
Because I love seeing that.
I love seeing this next level shit,
that next level thing.
Like whether it's you know,
Connor or whether it's a Tyron Woodley or these,
every now and then you see next level and you go,
oh,
like Tyron Woodley to me.
He fought Carlos condit and there was a moment in the condit fight where he
stepped forward and snap Carlos with a a straight right hand.
I was like,
Whoa,
that's like 10% faster than it should be.
You know what I mean?
Like you,
you get used to world class athletes moving and then you see someone like Edson
Barboza switch kick.
That's another one.
You're like,
Whoa,
whoa baby.
You know?